# NeuraNET Computer Controller

This repository contains a Python script for interacting with the NeuraNET API. This script allows NeuraNET to control your computer.

### ⚠️ Use with caution!

## Features

- **User Input Processing**: Accepts user inputs and formats them for processing by the NeuraNET API.
- **NeuraNET API Communication**: Sends requests to the NeuraNET API and retrieves Python code generated by the model.
- **Code Execution**: Executes the generated Python code in a safe environment, handling exceptions and errors.

Additionally, ensure that you have a valid NeuraNET API key, which is necessary for API authentication.

## Setup

1. **Clone the Repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/DarkTwentyFive/NeuraNET-Computer-Controller.git
   ```
   
2. **Install Dependencies**:
Navigate to the cloned directory and install the required dependencies using the requirements.txt file:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. **API Key Configuration**:
Set your NeuraNET API key as an environment variable:
   ```bash
   export NEURANET_API_KEY='your_neuranet_api_key_here'
   ```

## Usage
To use the script, follow these steps:

1. **Run the Script**:
Execute the script using Python:
   ```bash
   python main.py
   ```

2. **Enter a Task**:
When prompted, enter the task for which you want to generate Python code.

3. **Review Output**:
The script will display the generated Python code and execute it. Any errors during execution will be reported.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENCE) file for details.
